fix(core/workflow-steps): onStepSelected event (#626)
siemens/ix: BREAKING_CHANGES.md

## v2.0.0

### `ix-workflow-steps`

### Remove `linear` prop

> Progression of the workflow steps have to be handled by the business logic. We decided this 
> on the base of different user feedbacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Progression of the workflow steps has to be handled by the business logic now. This change is due to various user feedback.
```
